it's a helpless feeling you're on the
road with your brand-new car and bam
a small rock takes away that perfect
paint finish before you know it
what if you can help stop the chips and
mix before they happen
well you can from helicopter blades in
the 1960s to NASCAR race cars today
scotchguard paint protection film from
3m is proven to help protect paint it's
an exclusive NASCAR performance product
and it's taking the automotive world by
storm
it's time for you to get in on the
action
scotchguard paint protection film offers
durable protection for cars trucks RVs
boats motorcycles and more against
damage from flying rocks and bucks your
investment deserves the proven
protection of Scotchguard films
Scotchguard paint protection film is
made of extremely tough urethane and it
stands up to the hazards of the road
this key test demonstrates the strength
and flexibility of Scotchguard film this
film has undergone 3m rigorous
weathering tests both in the lab and
outdoors Scotchguard film provides
virtually invisible protection for
painted surfaces tailor fitted to the
shape and contours of your vehicle this
specially developed film provides
virtually invisible protection for any
painted surface each piece is
custom-designed and professionally
applied to fit your vehicle make and
model put Scotch Guard film on hoods
fender area wheel well edges sideview
mirror backs door edges trunk ledges
bumpers and more scotch guards film
creates a nearly invisible barrier so
vehicle lines aren't changed letting
your beautiful paint color shine through
you know what happens when a fast line
rock it's your vehicle Scotchguard paint
protection film forms a tough flexible
layer on the paint that takes the brunt
of the impact so your paint doesn't have
to it just helps to protect that nose of
the vehicle so you have a rascal car
with beauty in that front and you don't
get the corrosion people come here to
have it applied because we offer it and
they know that it will be applied
correctly and it does what it's supposed
to do and they want it when they come
back in it's you don't have to resell
it's like Martin I want this on the car
alter it works so well the first time
you can hardly see the film unless
you're standing right on top of the car
you can kind of see a seam where
identity back up to feet you can't
really see it and people appreciate it
figure about 50% of our customer base
ends up buying the Scotchgard film
protectant because again it's a good
product it makes sense to it
it was an option but I decided to take
advantage of us and I have never been
sorry it's been wonderful I have the
paint protection film on the car and it
looks great you can even tell that I
have it off on my car the protection is
on my foot
I just washed and waxed my car like I
always did and I can run it to your car
wash and it looks great I'm getting a
Lexus rx300 and I am definitely having
that protection for Honor's ask your
dealership or auto service center about
Scotchgard paint protection film for
your vehicles or contact 3m to find a
professional installer near you get the
protection you need to hit the road with
confidence